Duty, Honor, Country: Those three hallowed words reverently dictate what you ought to be, what you can be, what you will
be. They are your rallying points: to build courage when courage seems to fail; to regain faith when there seems to be 
little cause for faith; to create hope when hope becomes forlorn.

Unhappily, I possess neither that eloquence of diction, that poetry of imagination, nor that brilliance of metaphor to 
tell you all that they mean.

The unbelievers will say they are but words, but a slogan, but a flamboyant phrase. Every pedant, every demagogue, every 
cynic, every hypocrite, every troublemaker, and I am sorry to say, some others of an entirely different character, will 
try to downgrade them even to the extent of mockery and ridicule.

But these are some of the things they do. They build your basic character. They mold you for your future roles as the 
custodians of the nation's defense. They make you strong enough to know when you are weak, and brave enough to face 
yourself when you are afraid. They teach you to be proud and unbending in honest failure, but humble and gentle in 
success; not to substitute words for actions, not to seek the path of comfort, but to face the stress and spur of 
difficulty and challenge; to learn to stand up in the storm but to have compassion on those who fall; to master yourself 
before you seek to master others; to have a heart that is clean, a goal that is high; to learn to laugh, yet never forget 
how to weep; to reach into the future yet never neglect the past; to be serious yet never to take yourself too seriously; 
to be modest so that you will remember the simplicity of true greatness, the open mind of true wisdom, the meekness of 
true strength. They give you a temper of the will, a quality of the imagination, a vigor of the emotions, a freshness of 
the deep springs of life, a temperamental predominance of courage over timidity, of an appetite for adventure over love 
of ease. They create in your heart the sense of wonder, the unfailing hope of what next, and the joy and inspiration of 
life. They teach you in this way to be an officer and a gentleman.
